Ali Alghamdi  0:01  
Okay this thing with ban ban this is Drake's museum tool to learn about artists so please start using it make any comments as soon as the system

Bayan  0:17  
should they like it's like I'm creating an account and any website

Ali Alghamdi  0:22  
yeah just the user name and an email address

Bayan  0:34  
okay

so here I just pick anyone up

Ali Alghamdi  0:46  
whatever you're like interesting

Bayan  1:06  
is it loading

so it questions me about this artist Okay Did you create choose this painting or chose

Ali Alghamdi  1:34  
no such as paintings from the artists themselves?

Bayan  1:39  
So the AI the AI did not you know

Ali Alghamdi  1:42  
just go to all pieces of the artist okay. So the purpose of this we've chosen some paintings

Bayan  2:15  
am I supposed to like get the answer from this paragraph? Or no, it's not related. Yes, the paragraph is really it's just the

Ali Alghamdi  2:24  
kind of painting is up you can see it Okay.

Bayan  2:27  
Okay. I thought I thought I thought the questions are from like general knowledge outside of what's provided here so No.

Ali Alghamdi  4:16  
Oops

Bayan  4:24  
so how many questions are a per artist

Ali Alghamdi  4:29  
spends a month for the paintings.

Bayan  4:32  
All of his paintings

Ali Alghamdi  4:35  
for this purpose is really three or four

Bayan  4:39  
the most popular ones

Okay

Ali Alghamdi  7:26  
one test is enough stakes. Now, this is Drake's Museum, they have a website called Black Studio

I want you to explore the website for a bit get a feel of what it is because it will be related to some of the questions we will ask

okay, so, so bad after seeing the websites to post those up sides, the rock studio and the cause one. What are your first impressions of the new web application compared to the RX studio?

Bayan  8:34  
If you'd like the RX, did you feel like more like a blog but like the website that you created, it quizzes you on the on the painting itself, so it gives you more detail like information about it and asks you about it as well. So and rec studio, there is no questions for to just like, go through the website and go through the pictures just like a blog website, if you'd like.

Ali Alghamdi  9:11  
Okay, how easy was it to navigate and use the new application?

Bayan  9:18  
It was very easy, very straightforward. It was simple. And all the buttons were easy to find. And like everything was where it's supposed to be. So there was no confusion on where to click or where to go. Except that I have one comment. When you take the quiz. Sometimes you can go up to the painting and when you see the painting, there's the button take quiz. So I think if you click on it, you're already on the quiz page. So if you click on it, it's gonna just erase your answers and tickets and the quiz page again. So other than that, It's all

Ali Alghamdi  10:01  
the AI generated questions enhance your engagement with the artwork?

Bayan  10:06  
Is it that did, I paid more attention to the artwork? In the beginning, I was just reading the paragraph and I just glanced at the painting. But after I read the questions, and they read the paragraph, it's made me want to look at the painting because the small paragraph, the informative paragraph made me want to see what is talking about and all the details that it said, because it was brief yet expressive.

Ali Alghamdi  10:33  
Okay, thank you. What features do find different or improved in this new application compared to the rack studio?

Bayan  10:45  
This is more interactive than the racks to do their ex to do just provides you with the art pieces themselves. So this can be like a nice activity or improves your knowledge. And regarding that artists,

Ali Alghamdi  11:00  
which platform would you prefer for exploring the art collections?

Bayan  11:06  
f f, the new application or the new website, had more variety of artists, maybe that I'm going to use it. But for now, I feel like the type the database, and REG studio has like more variety of things. But if I needed to do have a painting to stick in my mind, I'm gonna lean forward to the new websites. Because once you're quizzed on something, I think, if you like it's gonna stick with you. How

Ali Alghamdi  11:37  
relevant Did you find the questions to be to the artwork and the artist?

Bayan  11:44  
It was very relevant. And even if it was not written in this whole paragraph was provided above the questions, you can just look at the artwork, and you're gonna figure it out yourself. Because it's, it's very related to it.

Ali Alghamdi  11:58  
Did the questions help you learn more about the art or the artist?

Bayan  12:03  
Not the artist, per se. I think I think some of it. The paragraph provided more about the artist, but the questions did not. But I think you can know about the artists style of painting. When you see like the painting itself,

Ali Alghamdi  12:21  
do you feel like the difficulty level of these questions are appropriate for your knowledge of art?

Bayan  12:26  
As I think it's appropriate for any level of art, because it's, like I said before, it's even if you did not know about it, you can just look at the painting and know it or try to figure it out.

Ali Alghamdi  12:38  
The scoring system motivate you to explore more artworks. How do you feel about the scoring system? Was it clear how the scores were calculated?

Bayan  12:51  
Not really, I saw just the scores towards the end, but it did not let me know. Like, based on what this person got the scores or how based on what I got the scores. Or it did not tell me in the beginning, there was a score. I just thought like it's just the end. So that was not clarified. Overall,

Ali Alghamdi  13:15  
how satisfied are you with this?

Bayan  13:19  
Solution? You mean the website? Yes, yeah, it's no, it's really user friendly. And it works. Like as honestly, it works as good as the Rex to do. But like, as the first version of it. It's really great. I wish to see more artists there and more and more questions. Maybe Maybe once that race is in difficulty and not not just simple questions about RFPs.

Ali Alghamdi  13:47  
Any final thoughts or comments about your experience?

Bayan  13:50  
No, my only comment was the one that I provided earlier about the button being repeated into a pages. That's all other than that it was just a pleasant experience. Thank you, you

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
